Write release notes for anamorphic bloom (#2071)
bevyengine/bevy-website: release-content/0.16/release-notes/17096_Anamorphic_Bloom.md

> Bloom is that soft glow bleeding out from bright areas of light: in the real world, this is caused by your camera (or eyes) getting overwhelmed or an imperfect focus.

Reviewer: Nit: bloom != to defocus blur, which is what depth of field is.

I'm not an optics expert, but my understanding is bloom is a way to convey that something is bright and saturating a sensor - it differentiates between something that is paper white, vs. something that is colorful, but is saturating the sensor. This is something that is mostly useful on SDR displays. 

Arguably, if you have a bright enough HDR display, you get bloom for free because you can produce the same physical effect - it's literally a bright light!

Author: Yeah, I think that's a reasonable distinction to draw when talking about the postprocessing effect (even though the physical effect is a mix).

> Bloom is that soft glow bleeding out from bright areas of light: in the real world, this is caused by your camera (or eyes) getting overwhelmed or an imperfect focus.

Author: ```suggestion
Bloom is that soft glow bleeding out from bright areas of light: in the real world, this is caused by sensors on your camera (or eyes) becoming fully saturated.
```

In games, it's a powerful artistic tool for creating everything from cyberpunk neon signs to tastefully glowing windows to juicy geometrically-inspired arcade games.

Bevy has had bloom since version 0.9, but we're giving artists another simple lever to tweak: the ability to stretch, squash and otherwise distort the effect by setting the 2-dimensional `scale` parameter on the [`Bloom`] component on your camera.

TODO: add image.

When heavily skewed (usually horizontally), this effect is known as **anamorphic bloom**.

> This effect is associated with a cinematic, futuristic vibe, and emulates the unusual geometry of certain film cameras as they compress a wider image onto narrower film.

Reviewer: The explanation "why" here is super interesting, but probably not appropriate here. 😆

Author: I kind of like it! It's the sort of neat educational fact that folks enjoy reading in our release notes.

Reviewer 2: It's awesome, I love things like these in Bevy release notes 😊

Reviewer 3: I like it too. I think the reason why rendering features exist is super interesting! :)
